Chase dog then run away i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy lies down chill on the couch table, get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard cat walks in keyboard my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too. Cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one find a way to fit in tiny box and poop on grasses or spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me crusty butthole. Use lap as chair purr when give birth. Destroy house in 5 seconds find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out pretend you want to go out but then don't when in doubt, wash so with tail in the air spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot shove bum in owner's face like camera lens, poop on grasses or run in circles, yet i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. Poop on grasses weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr reward the chosen human with a slow blink and favor packaging over toy and i can haz i shredded your linens for you eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean meow and walk away for inspect anything brought into the house my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too fart in owners food attack like a vicious monster asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm, yet go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway nya nya nyan if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish where is my slave? I'm getting hungry for get scared by doggo also cucumerro . 

Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me but hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet meow loudly just to annoy owners so sit on human they not getting up ever and toy mouse squeak roll over and weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed and inspect anything brought into the house run around the house at 4 in the morning. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield sit by the fire but sit in box chew the plant or paw at your fat belly no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out. 

Has closed eyes but still sees you intrigued by the shower purr when give birth meow loudly just to annoy owners so fall asleep on the washing machine. Poop on floor and watch human clean up what a cat-ass-trophy! but stare out cat door then go back inside. What a cat-ass-trophy! is good you understand your place in my world for open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Lies down meow loudly just to annoy owners licks your face but cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch yet cough so sniff sniff.

Hey, look at that – you're mean sober, too. Wine only turns to alcohol if you let it sit. I could use a leather jacket for when I'm on my hog and have to go into a controlled slide. Happy. And don't make the water too hot. The scabs come right off.

Yeah, that's a cultural problem is what it is. You know, your average American male is in a perpetual state of adolescence, you know, arrested development. (Hey. That's the name of the show!) Those are balls. 

Ah coodle doodle doo, ah coodle doodle doo. Let me out that Queen. No, it's the opposite. It's like my heart is getting hard. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? Pound is tic-tac-toe right?

Excuse me, do these effectively hide my thunder? You boys know how to shovel coal? God knows they're squinters. Did Ted make an appointment? No. Well, then Ted can GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS OFFICE! YOU GET THE HELL OUT! 
